Google is hosting their second project
era developer conference one in Silicon
Valley one is signal pool we're gonna
drop by a boat and give you guys an
update first up San Francisco
[Music]
phonebooks thank you hey phonebloks
welcome to the project ara developers
conference we are here in Mountain View
at the Googleplex
I'm Paul Eremenko I am the head of
project ara for Google in the spiral to
prototype we have new custom integrated
circuits for the on device Network we
have 3G functionality we've moved the
Elektra permanent magnets into the
endoskeleton and out of the modules of
the device and we'll also talk a little
bit about what's coming next in spiral 3
as well as in the market pilot which
we'll be doing in Puerto Rico so
developers really are what makes project
ara tick Google itself the Google a chap
team is developing the endoskeleton
frame which is what's at the core of the
device but doesn't in and of itself
provide any user-facing functionality so
everything in the device comes from
modules that will be created by
third-party developers and that's why
these kinds of developer events are
super super important to the ultimate
success of the ARA platform
[Music]
i'm joseph kim hearts KPI ultrasone and
I developed a glucose medical module and
then I can simply take out the lenses
from the cover and sting it and then I
came up with her and then my blood on
top so I can check my glucose meter my
name is Lance wrecker I work in
Sennheiser's research and innovation
office in San Francisco and we're
working on a hi-fi audio module for
project ara and have a very powerful
headphone amp a very pristine audio
input and it will provide the Sennheiser
quality audio that users can do expect
that prevents a movie presenting inner
looks we make the display module this is
a nice four point five inch HD so we are
rested on and we started to produce a
module because we wanted to help people
with kidney problems one module is for
blood and one risk or water
[Music]
so had an interesting day in San
Francisco and now on my way to Singapore
to see what the developers were making
there
[Music]
hi my name is Cheryl Kathy I'm senior
vice president of Toshiba America and we
have a wide range of image sensors so we
are making three different camera module
reference designs for ara the first one
is a two megapixel camera module which
we are making as a receiver bar on top
of the phone the next one is a 5
megapixel camera module similarly I also
have a third one which is our 13
megapixel camera module and that also
uses our camera image sensor plus our
richer hello this is NASA and then my
name is Jessie we have members from
Copper Queen from Tokyo we are a 3d
printer service provider and we hope to
provide mass customized 3d printing
service to project are so in order to
customize the shells users can upload
images to our service so that they can
have their own image on the shelves and
we also have like mappings mapping tools
so that users can for example have a
Mount Fuji or modules I'm David Fishman
the chief of staff for project ara we're
here concluding our second project RM
module developers conference I think was
a really great event from first and
foremost I think we want to thank you
the module developers and the developer
community for participating in the event
for those that join us in person and
online and thank you for your
participation in questions we were very
excited to show you the spiral tube
prototype it corresponds to the MDK
release version 0.2 and we can't wait to
continue working on the platform on
spiral 3 and to release new versions of
the MDK over the next couple months as
we move forward towards the market pilot
thank you again and look forward to
seeing you at DEFCON 3
[Music]
you